REF comments from Erin (#207)
esheldon/metadetect: CHANGELOG.md

### fixed

## 0.11.0 - 2022-12-05

### changed

>  - Gaussian fits are now done on coadds of the shear bands.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Gaussian fits are now done on coadds instead of a join fit across all shear bands.
```
